# Expand
1. It is important to put thought into IDs and Classes because we need to be able to easily reference them when we manipulate the DOM tree and calling them with JavaScript. Similar IDs or Classes can make it more difficult to organize and manipulate our website and we will have a harder time debugging any issues. Additionally in the industry, other developers will work with your code, and if the IDs and Classes are hard to reference, they can't do their job.
2. Data attributes are put inside the HTML elements to have them be more desciptive about what they do or what they mean. We can access them with `document.querySelector('element[attribute="attribute_value"]')`. For implications of Data attributes it helps for semantic purposes and describing the data and when it's used for data scraping, it provides information about the type of data it contains.
3. A DOM fragment is similar to the main DOM tree, but it's a separate tree that can contain nodes that are not part of the main Tree. Since it separates from the main tree, we can have other operations that are less important running after the main tree and we can also have separation of concerns for the nodes. Additionally it makes our code cleaner.
4. The use of a Virtual DOM is to increase speed and efficiency. Any changes that we make with JavaScript, it can quickly change on the Virtual DOM before implementin it into the main DOM. Additionally, it helps with cross-platform compatibaility because not all browser are the same and the Virtual DOM helps to accomodate for it. Some losses is that it can be difficult for a beginner developer to get used to and it adds more work for the developer to get it to run properly, but in the end it increases efficiency.
5. The reason why you don't use the dot selector for class attribute in JavaScript is because it's already being used in CSS. In CSS its selector is .class and if we were to use it in JavaScript, we and the browser can get things confused when referencing in JavaScript and CSS.
6. `addEventListener()` is part of JavaScript while `onClick()` is part of HTML. `addEventListener()` can work with many JavaScript functions and is solely for JavaScript manipulations. `addEventListener()` works without JavaScript and is mainly used for more simple actions. `addEventListener()` may require more lines to implement while `onClick()` can be done in one line directly in HTML, the only issue is that it's usually limited in capabilities. We use the two as a way of separation of concerns.